feat: Add Transaction/Span Development Docs (#25)
getsentry/develop: src/docs/sdk/event-payloads/properties/trace_id.mdx

`trace_id`: 

> : _Required_. Determines to wich `trace` the Span belonges to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: _Required_. Determines which `trace` the Span belongs to.
```

> : _Required_. Determines to which `trace` the Span belonges to.

Reviewer 2: (copying from an outdated suggestion from @AbhiPrasad + my previous suggestion to document the content):

```suggestion
: _Required_. Determines which `trace` the Span belongs to. The value should be 16 random bytes encoded as a hex string (32 characters long).
```
